Actors:
•	Caregiver: an adult or other person who wishes to talk to a person who is hard-of-hearing
•	Hard-of-hearing individual: someone who uses the app to enhance their ability to hear

Template adapted from "Software Engineering" by Kassem A Selah

Name: Connect two phones together (for the first time)
Created by: Mr. Peterson

Actors involved
Triggering actor: Caregiver
Secondary actor: Hard-of-hearing individual

Brief description
A caregiver connects two phones together so that they can speak directly to someone who is hard-of-hearing.

Triggering Event(s):	Hard-of-hearing person listens for connections

Priority: Moderate

Preconditions
* Both phones have the app installed and running

Assumptions
* The phones are close to each other (close enough for a Bluetooth wireless connection)

Flow of events
1.	Hard-of-hearing person begins listening for connections
2.	Caregiver initiates a connection
3.	Caregiver’s app scans for available phones
4.	Caregiver selects the hard-of-hearing person’s phone
5.	Hard-of-hearing person accepts the connection request
6.	Connection is completed
7.	Caregiver’s voice is routed to the hard-of-hearing person’s app and, from there, to their headphones

Alternative/abnormal flow of events	1. If this is the first time setting up a connection, the app requests Bluetooth the needed permissions
1.1 If the user does not grant access, the use case ends
2. Same as 1)
3. If no compatible phones are discovered, the use case ends
4. If the expected phone is not found, the caregiver needs to start over to scan again
5. If the hard-of-hearing person denies the connection request, there is an error message for the caregiver and the use case ends
6. If the connection fails, the user is notified and returned to the screen they began on

Postconditions
* The two phones are connected
* The caregiver’s voice is heard by the hard-of-hearing person through their headphones

Non-functional Requirements
* The app shall not request Bluetooth wireless permission until the user first attempts to connect two phones
* The phone-to-phone connection shall provide an error notification when the connection drops

------------

User Stories (capturing what’s above)
1. As a caregiver, I want to be able to connect my phone to another phone so that I can talk to a person that’s hard-of-hearing through their headphones.
   a. The app will request wireless permission only when the user first attempts to connect to another phone.
   b. Notify the user if there is a request fail/timeout/drop.
2. As a hard-of-hearing person, I want to be able to listen for connections so that my caregiver(s) can connect to my phone and speak to me directly.
   a. See a) and b) of #1
